Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
-Good morning. Maryam
-Good morning. Adnan.
-Good morning. Nasser.
-Good morning.
Thank you.
I wish you a good flight.
and congratulate Sheikh Muhammed for me.
Thank you very much. Adnan.
Careful not to break it.
Hello.
-Cancelled? What do you mean. cancelled?
-What is cancelled?
We're just out with our suitcases
heading toward the airport.
How could it be cancelled
and no one notifies me ahead of time?
Fine. figure out any other flight.
Do you know who you're talking to?
I'm Nasser. Mohammad Al Muhammed's son.
I'm telling you. I have an event
in Abu Dhabi tonight.
Find us any flight.
What?
Today's flight was cancelled.
and there are no flights till tomorrow.
You're happy. aren't you?
Who will spare us Dad's anger?
We'll find a way.
Things seem to be off. Dad.
We're out with our suitcases.
They called and said
there are no flights until tomorrow.
We really wanted to be there with you.
but it seems that we're out of luck.
I guess it's settled then. Hit the road.
Road? What road?
What do you mean. what road?
I’m not telling you to walk here.
It's Abu Dhabi.
Once you reach the highway.
you'll find signs all over the place.
You’ll be here in eight hours.
and still have enough time to shower
and look great for the wedding.
This marriage is important.
Not just for me. not at all.
It's important for you too.
For our life and our family.
May your mother rest in peace.
May she rest in peace.
Having you here tonight
matters so much to me.
Okay. don’t get upset.
we’ll be with you tonight.
Okay. By the way. Nasser.
Any news about what I asked you to do?
Dad. I'm still working on it.
Still working on it?
When you can't do the simple things
that I ask of you.
just tell me from the start.
Why let me count on you and waste my time?
If you can't do things right.
let me find someone else who can. okay?
Okay.
Take care of the house. Adnan.
We'll be back in a couple of days.
It’s been ages
since I went on a drive this long.
Maybe since the days of Obhur in Jeddah.
Same here.
Are you sure
you didn't want Adnan to drive us?
It's a very long ride.
Why drag him along
and make him suffer along with us?
That was nice of you.
You have exceptional manners
in the morning.
I have exceptional manners
every morning. sister.
but you’re just discovering them now.
If I saw you more often.
I would have discovered long ago.
Is Dad involving you
with this site as well?
Of course.
If a construction site says Al Muhammed.
it means I’m personally involved with it.
It must be hard working for Dad.
Maryam. I work with Dad. not for him.
Do you still draw. or did you stop?
I still remember you as a kid.
you were so talented.
You drew so well.
I thought that’s what
you were going to do with your life.
Drawing is not a job.
I don't know. I remember you saying
that you'd be the best graphic designer.
and that you'd use your talent
to get to your dream and all.
What happened?
Are you going to hold me
to something I said as a child?
Dreams change.
So working for Dad was one of your dreams?
With Dad.
Dear Lord. I hope they're all right.
I bet you see stuff like this
every day at the hospital. right?
You won’t believe the things
we see in the ER. Nasser.
Like what? Smashed skulls?
Bodies in pieces?
You’re so messed up.
A car crash happens every minute
of every day in Saudi Arabia.
Just imagine the injuries.
I'm not exactly joking.
I really want to know what you see.
I'm just curious.
God. the horrible things I see…
I sometimes believe that I see cases
worse than those even in wars.
Hard as I try to sympathize and see things
from your perspective. I just can't.
They come driving
at a million miles per hour.
speeding down a highway
as if it were their own.
What do they expect?
-They're asking for it.
-I wish they knew better.
LAWYER RAED
CASE FOLLOW-UP
Get witnesses opposing testimonials.
Non-citizens are easily handled.
-Nasser.
-What?
Watch the road. please.
Sure.
What an idiot.
Is he crazy driving like that?
Look what we have here.
What's the word?
-Karma?
-Karma.
Now let that drift pick you up. buddy.
Wait. If he really needs help.
what will he do?
Someone else will stop.
It’s not our problem.
Are you seriously putting on makeup now?
We’re about to enter the desert.
This isn’t makeup. moron. It’s Kohl.
It protects your eyes
from the sun. from the dust.
-You want some?
-Thank you. but. no. thank you.
Even the prophet used it.
This is my favorite gift from Mom.
She got it in Medina I think.
Be careful with that thing.
No. seriously. watch it.
If we hit a bump.
you’ll stab yourself in the eye.
and. blech.
it'll pop and splatter all over.
If you would just drive correctly.
there'll be no "blech" nor splatter.
Remember the song
Mom used to sing on our road trips?
Which one? Abadi's song?
-That's the one.
-Yeah. how did it go?
Abadi Al Johar's song.
-A long road…
That's it.
-What was it?
-And the…
-I forgot the lyrics.
-Me too. I can't seem to remember.
God. I miss Mom so much.
So do I.
You think Dad misses her?
For sure. just maybe
not on his wedding day.
He never talks about her.
You know how Dad is.
He's not the type
to express emotions easily or talk much.
You never talk about her either.
She’s always on my mind. Maryam.
I always try to remember her
and pray for her.
But whenever I try to remember
anything before her cancer.
it’s all a blur.
Nasser. that's exactly why
you have to talk about her.
Honestly.
She's your mother. How can you only
remember her cancer and her illness?
Every time you talk about her.
you’ll remember new things.
Believe me.
Maybe. Right.
And us?
We live in the same house
and I haven’t seen you for months.
I know that. Maryam.
You know we haven’t sat together
since the funeral?
You know I’m always working.
Barely a minute to catch my breath.
I work all the time. too. Nasser.
If we can’t find time for each other.
who will we find it for?
Nasser. I’m talking to you.
I’m listening. but there’s important
work stuff I need to deal with.
I wished you were there
at the hospital with me.
I was hoping we could tell her together.
Nasser. I told her.
What did you tell her?
About what we did
at the beach resort in Jeddah.
-Did you really tell her about that?
-I did.
What did she say?
She said kids don’t know better.
We meant no malice.
And that God is merciful and forgiving.
Here’s the guy you felt sorry for.
Driving like a maniac again.
Great. I was feeling guilty about that.
-Nasser what are you doing?
-I'm trying to let him pass.
What the hell?
Nasser! Nasser!
No. he’s really pushing it now.
Get off my back. Get out of here. go.
Nasser!
-What are you doing?
-I'm going to deal with him.
-Apologize to him.
-He’s the one who has to apologize.
Apologize and get us out of this. please.
What?
What's your problem?
I apologize. But you were the one
riding my ass back there.
I’m sorry. If you want to talk about it.
get out of the car. we’ll talk about it.
Nasser! Nasser!
Nasser.
Hold still. it’s going to sting.
-Okay. gently.
-Gently.
Just breathe.
This guy's a psychopath.
I bet he's not sober.
Let's call the police.
It’s pointless.
If we have to wait and talk to the police.
we’ll never get to Abu Dhabi in time
and we’ll be late for the wedding.
Easy there. easy.
You’re such a crybaby.
Easy for you to say.
Thank you. seriously.
Most welcome.
Should I drive?
No. I'll drive. I’m fine.
-Ninety-five full. please.
-Okay.
Did a white Jeep
stop here a little while ago?
No. no Jeep.
-Good day.
-Good day to you. sir.
THE ARAB PLATFORM
All I need is for him not to demand
anything from me in court.
Am I the one to teach you
how to do your job?
I beg you to wrap it up. I don't want Dad
to ask me again when I see him tonight.
For God's sake. just wrap it up.
Okay. check it out and let me know.
All right. bye.
-Hello there.
-Hello.
-What's with your head?
-I cut myself shaving.
I think you had the mirror upside down.
Did a white Jeep get any fuel
from your station a while ago?
Nope.
Did a white Jeep drive past the station?
Son. I’ve been sitting here for 25 years.
You kind of stop looking at the road
after the first 15.
Is there a police station nearby?
No. but there are some patrol cars
now and then.
Are you here to ask questions
or buy something? What's your deal?
Where's that worker? Did you pay him?
Yes. I did.
-I'm going to pray.
-Okay. great.
Allah is the greatest.
All greetings and prayers
and good deeds are for Allah.
Allah is the greatest.
Allah's peace and mercy be upon you.
Oh. come on. What the hell?
What's with you?
I came out of the mosque
and my shoes were gone.
-What do you mean?
-No idea. Did you see anyone?
No. I was alone in there.
Hey.
Excuse me.
My good man.
Nobody treats me that way. bitch.
You can run. but you can’t hide.
-Are you talking to me?
-Excuse me. yes. I am.
I think you have my shoes on.
-Excuse me?
-The shoes you have.
You must've mixed them up.
but I guess they're mine.
Do I look so blind as to mistake
my own shoes?
I didn’t call you blind.
Can you take them off so I can see?
Take what off? Hit the road
before I smash your face in. buddy.
Could you please speak more politely
and show me the shoes?
-Speak politely. Are you sober?
-I want to see it.
Whoa. Here. what's this?
Look at it closely.
Is this your shoe?
This one. is it your shoe? Is it?
-What's with you. man?
-They're similar. sorry.
-Nasser.
-I'm sorry. I apologize.
Sorry? I told you it was my damn thing.
Get the hell out of here.
Calm down. please.
He said that he didn't mean it.
By the looks of you and your car.
it's clear how you treat others.
Be grateful she's with you.
I would have beat you to a pulp
and buried you right here.
Are you stupid or something?
Are you for real?
You need to improve
your attitude with others.
In these situations.
can you let me do the talking?
Sure. you’re clearly so good at talking.
Who took those God damn shoes?
Are you going to drive barefoot?
These are the wedding shoes.
I don't want to mess them up.
What do you care what other people think?
Do what makes you comfortable.
Says the lady
with the highest heels on Earth.
You mean the smallest heels on Earth.
Why do you care anyway?
You know the only reason
Dad wants us there is to show us off.
You want him to see me
with creased or dirty shoes?
No. I don't want that at all.
GUILTY
What now?
Seriously. what now?
Sir. hey. sir!
The white Jeep you were asking about
was just here!
-Hey.
-Yeah.
-Nasser?
-Yes?
You’re driving too fast.
Can you slow down?
Maryam. will you please let me drive
and distract yourself with anything?
Okay.
We've been through some weird stuff.
but that's what road trips are all about.
Trust me. it's a pain now.
but in two years. we'll laugh about this.
We’ll die laughing.
When my skull is crushed under
the Jeep's wheel. I'll die laughing.
Maybe you need a sip of water.
Did you get any water anyway?
Here you are.
Thanks.
Did you know that Route 10 is the world’s
longest stretch of straight road?
Delightful.
Hello.
Yes. hello.
I can't hear you. speak up.
No coverage.
Hello?
We're out of coverage
until we get to Batha.
-Can I use yours for a sec?
-No.
What difference will it make? Nasser.
-What's this. Maryam?
-It's nothing.
-What's written there? Who sent it?
-No one.
No one? Did the texts fall from the sky?
Who’s threatening you?
-My friends.
-Your friends threaten you like this?
-No. they joke like that.
-That's a joke?
Yes. don't you have any friends
that you joke around with?
Nasser. Are you okay?
Maryam. I don't feel so good.
I'm feeling a bit dizzy.
I think you got a concussion
from the fall. Nasser.
Can I drive instead?
Honestly. I should be driving. please.
Yeah. I think you’re right. You drive.
Shit. This guy has it in for us.
Maryam. get in.
Just let him pass and get rid of him.
I tried to do that last time. didn’t I?
Make it clearer!
I was clear!
Why are you blaming me for this?
Calm down.
Go ahead and leave me alone.
The bastard’s blocking us.
What’s he doing?
Nasser!
Dear God!
Is this guy trying to kill us or what?
Maryam. calm down!
I have enough to deal with!
What are you doing?
Trying to reason with him.
Maybe if he sees a human being.
he’ll back off.
Back off! Back off!
What have we done to you?
What is this?
No.
Maryam. get back here.
The steering's stuck. I can't move.
You crazy girl. I love you.
Why was he trying to kill us?
You remember that terrible accident
a few months ago?
The crane that collapsed on the workers?
Those workers had no training
or safety equipment.
When the crane crashed.
it killed them instantly. crushed them.
Except for one of them.
He survived. but he watched
his brother die before his eyes.
Are you saying that could be him?
Maybe he wants revenge.
Maybe he thinks I killed his brother.
Maybe I did kill his brother.
You don’t know what Dad’s like at work.
He’s rough and merciless.
without a thought for the workers.
This is the shit
I’ve been dealing with all day.
He wants me to deport the worker
to avoid paying any compensation.
I hate working with him. Maryam.
I hate it.
I wish I had never worked with him.
so I would not know
this side of his personality.
But you said
it was a construction accident. Nasser.
It’s not your fault. it’s theirs.
Well. if it’s not him.
who would want to do this to us?
There is someone.
The man who’s been texting me all day.
This man. huh?
So it’s not your friends
kidding around with you.
Who is he?
You know Dad’s friend Saad?
This guy's his son.
The Saad who owns all those hotels?
He's been obsessed with me for a while.
He even proposed to me officially.
Dad started pressuring me. saying how good
it would be for us. business-wise.
That he'll open many opportunities
and we won't get a better man. you know.
As always.
I said no. I did so respectfully.
He took it so personally.
He was so humiliated.
He hasn’t stopped texting me
and harassing me since then.
What did Dad say when you told him?
-I didn't tell him.
-Why not?
I was sure he would take his side.
you bet I didn’t tell him.
I wanted to tell you.
but honestly. I didn't want any trouble.
You should have told me.
I would've beat the crap out that bastard.
That’s exactly the kind of trouble
I wanted to avoid!
If it was more than I could handle.
I would have asked for your help.
But I’m telling you.
he’s all talk and text messages.
Unless that’s him behind us. Maryam.
The guy behind us
has done a lot of planning.
This prick is a hothead. not a planner.
Fine. just tell me who would sit
and plan all of this out?
Is there anything valuable in the car?
No. nothing valuable.
Except for Dad's wedding present.
What? Dad said no gifts.
Maryam. you should know that
no gifts never actually means no gifts.
-What did you get him?
-A gilded Jambiya dagger.
-How much did it cost?
-A hundred grand or so.
A hundred grand! A hundred grand!
Or so.
Wow. so much love.
Anyway. no one knows we have it.
I bought it.
put it in the car. and that was it.
-Didn't Adnan drive you to buy it?
-So what?
-Then Adnan knows.
-So?
Adnan knows all our travel plans
for the day.
Are you accusing Adnan of all this?
I'm just thinking out loud.
Adnan was a mechanic back in Pakistan.
And that Jeep behind us
is pretty souped-up.
not your ordinary car.
There's no way on earth.
Are you even listening to yourself?
Dad's always insulting Adnan. Nasser.
He does it in front of me.
But still. it wouldn’t push him
to something like this.
"Beware the anger of the patient."
That's all I know.
Great. Just great.
So far. we have three people
who want us dead.
Four. The boy from Jeddah.
That happened over 15 years ago.
So what?
How could he know our names
and where to find us?
It wouldn’t be so hard.
Our father is famous.
His face is all over the place.
It wasn't our fault.
Right. It wasn't our fault.
That’s why we kept it
a secret our entire lives.
I kept it a secret.
You told Mom and who knows who else.
No one.
Get that out of your head.
We did nothing wrong.
We did exactly as Dad said
to the letter. to the T.
He said. "You mustn't tell a soul."
“Don’t ruin your entire life
over a worthless kid.”
Well. look at the results
of his wonderful parenting.
Everyone wants to kill us.
No. seriously. I can't thank Dad enough.
Do you have service?
No service. We're on our own.
Says who? Look over there.
Dear Lord.
Good day.
-Hello.
Thank God we found you good people.
We haven’t seen a soul all day.
How can we help you?
Please. you have to help us.
We’ve been driving all day
with some lunatic on our tail
trying to kill us.
Hunger and dehydration
got the best of you?
-Please. do you have a phone we can use?
-Absolutely.
Please. tell me you have service.
Let's see how lucky you are.
-Hey. watch out for my gigabytes. though.
-No worries. man. Just let me use it.
Man.
Look at that thing move.
It’s a matter of life and death.
Give us the phone.
Is that him?
-Please. the phone.
-Just give us the phone.
Give us the phone!
The phone. Nasser.
The phone. the phone!
Can you do it?
I can get it. take me to it.
Maryam!
Damn. that burns.
-Who are you calling?
-The police.
Please. my brother and I are in danger.
Someone's chasing after us.
He's been chasing us all the way from…
I'm telling you.
yes. someone is chasing us.
He’s been after us
from the start. ramming us.
Just listen to me.
We're out of Riyadh. heading to Abu Dhabi.
We're on the highway…
No landmark whatsoever. no.
We're in the middle of the desert.
A huge white Jeep. its color is white.
-It has lights on top…
-Maryam.
-It's very unique. unlike any other Jeep.
-Maryam. give it to me.
-Please. listen.
-Give me that. Dad will call them.
The battery's almost out
and we're still at square one.
For God's sake. answer me.
-Hello? Who is this?
-Hello? Hello?
-Hello? Who is it?
-Hello? Dad. it's me Nasser. Hello.
Nasser. my boy.
Dad. can you hear me?
I have to tell you something.
There's this guy chasing us
since we left Riyadh. He's some madman.
Hello. Nasser. if you can hear me
and want to talk about the lawyer thing…
Hello? Hello?
I swear to you that we've been set up.
I swear to you.
I swear. How else would he know
we're on the road
when we're supposed to be on a plane?
Let me see that number that called you.
The booking office.
What are you doing?
You think he's the one
who called this morning?
Hold on. You think he told me
the flight was cancelled?
What do you want?
What have we done to you
to deserve all this?
Is it money that you want?
Do you want any money?
Don't tell him that.
Do you want money?
We're going to die out here.
Maryam. calm down.
Calm down. please. just stay calm.
We could use my charger on that.
Do you think you could get into the trunk
through the back seat?
The charger's in my suitcase.
Let me give it a shot. I'll try.
-Nasser. hit the brakes.
-Are you serious?
Just hit the brakes. Nasser!
-Please tell me that you have it.
-I do.
Hi. Maryam.
Sorry I missed your call. I was asleep.
I'm doing much better today.
The chemo drains the soul out of me.
but I'm feeling a bit better today.
I had a dream about you two.
You and Nasser.
you were playing in the garden
with the kitten that we got you.
Do remember her name?
What was it? Cucumber. was it?
Or maybe Plum?
Pumpkin.
I forgot. the dream wasn’t clear.
You two were playing and happy.
I pray you’re always this happy.
Tell Nasser I forgive him…
for…
for not wanting to see me here.
Your brother can't take
seeing me like this.
He’s too much like his father.
Take care of yourself. my darling.
I hope you stay well.
Take care. Mommy's little girl. take care.
I have all her voice notes.
Sometimes I just want to hear her.
Maryam…
I'm sorry.
I’m sorry we don’t see each other more.
Believe me.
I always try to find time. but…
It's really difficult for me.
Why?
Maryam. you look so much like Mom.
Mom wanted you
to be yourself and nothing more.
And that’s all I want to see as well.
I just want to see Nasser.
I want you to forget all the pressure
to be like anyone but yourself.
Why don't you grab us something
to eat from the bag? I'm getting hungry.
What did you get us?
By the way. there's a surprise
for you in the back.
No way. I can't believe my eyes.
How did you find these things?
Do they still sell these? No way.
When we were little
you used to adore them.
Remember when you got
one of them stuck up your nose?
-When are you going to make me an aunt?
-What?
Not before you make me an uncle.
You know I’m not getting married
before you.
Well. I'm not in a hurry at all
when it comes to that. seriously.
Remember when we were kids.
how you were so…
eager about growing up. having a family.
and raising your own kids?
Nasser. do you remember
how tense things were at home?
You know. Mom was never happy.
even before she got sick.
That scares me.
It really scares me.
I don’t want to recreate her experience.
May you rest in peace. Mom.
Maryam.
What?
Am I seeing things again?
Maryam. I'm hallucinating. right?
I'm hallucinating.
This isn’t real.
Just calm down. okay?
I am calm. Maryam.
Damn. it's itching. It's itching me.
Don't move. stay as you are.
What are you doing?
Thinking. damn it.
Thinking about what I'll do
with a scorpion on my brother's foot!
What do you think you're doing?
Don't move. don't move.
-Okay. just calm down.
-Leave it. just leave it. please.
Leave it and don't do anything.
What are you doing. Maryam? Don't do that.
-Maryam.
-Are you ready?
-Hell no. I'm not.
-I have to remove it.
I'm not ready. stay put.
-Get back. get back to your seat now.
-Don't you move.
-Now. No.
-Just don't move.
No!
Dear Lord. Thank God.
How did this thing get in here?
That bastard left
no stone unturned. did he?
No. no.
-No. no. What are you doing with it? No!
-I'm killing it.
Leave it. It's a living creature.
A living creature.
And what am I. the leg of a table?
A patrol car.
Maryam. there's a patrol car.
THE ARAB PLATFORM
-Hello.
-Hello. how can I help you?
We’ve been on the road for hours.
We’re driving from Riyadh.
And there’s a crazy man
who’s been stalking us the whole way.
We were heading to Abu Dhabi for a wedding
and this guy's been trying to kill us.
He's got a white Jeep.
he's been on our tail. ramming into us.
He even stole our shoes. His shoes…
-He stole my shoes.
-Whoa. hold it.
So. you're heading to Abu Dhabi
all the way from Riyadh for a wedding…
-Yes.
-…looking like this?
Also. there's a guy trying to kill you.
and he stole your shoes?
Fine. why does he want to kill you?
Sir. when we were just kids.
this is 15 years ago.
and I mean.
we were just children.
we were in a resort in Jeddah.
we were playing with this toy air gun.
It's just a BB gun.
it wasn't supposed to harm anyone.
And…
there was this kid
passing under our balcony.
I hit him in the eye and blinded him.
So. this kid’s been planning his revenge
for all these years?
The guy chasing you.
was he missing an eye?
We couldn’t see. he’s wearing sunglasses.
But. Officer. it doesn't necessarily
have to be him who wants to kill us.
It could be someone else.
How many people want to kill you?
-How are you related?
-She's my sister.
Fine. seems to me that you two
are suffering from heat stroke.
That's absolutely natural. it happens.
Heat. thirst. and hunger are only natural.
Trust me. some weird stuff
happens out here.
I mean. a while ago.
a guy said he was arguing with a hedgehog
about who won the World Cup.
Does this look like a heat stroke to you?
-Where did you get that?
-I told you. he ran me over.
I talked to him. and he almost killed me.
What about the back bumper?
He’s been ramming us the whole way.
the car is a wreck.
Okay. Calm down. Keep calm.
Give me your IDs
and let me report this to Operations.
Then we’ll get an ambulance
and get you checked out.
and we'll meet up at the last stop.
Your IDs. please.
Thank you.
-As you wish.
-Wait for me here. Just for a minute.
Operations. do you copy?
Go ahead.
I'd like to inquire about two persons.
Two Saudi citizens…
-Nasser.
-Yeah.
Why did his expression change?
Freeze. both of you.
Freeze. listen to me
and follow my instructions
so you don’t get into more trouble
than you’re already in.
What's wrong?
Come closer and put both hands
on the hood right now.
I won't say it twice.
Freeze. both of you. Come here.
Place both hands on the hood
and keep your mouth shut.
-Place your hands here as well. Freeze.
-All right. but why?
We'll freeze. we will.
-Spread your legs.
-Just explain what's going on.
We got a call at the station
about a car just like yours.
Stolen by a brother and sister
heading for the border.
You don’t believe us?
This isn’t just theft. it’s smuggling.
This doesn't make sense.
It must be the Jeep guy.
the bastard's framing us.
-The one-eyed man?
-You believe that monster. but not us.
I called the police myself.
you can call and make sure.
You'll find all the information you need.
Now. Call them now.
If you both made a report.
then one of you must be lying.
It's either you or him.
Stay still. and listen to my instructions.
You hear me?
And here comes your white Jeep.
Let’s all have a nice calm chat together.
-He's a dangerous man. Listen to me!
-Please. please.
-I'm more dangerous! Stay put. you two!
You need a pair of handcuffs.
You move too much. stay put.
-I’m telling you he’s dangerous.
-Don’t move.
You asked for it.
God. no.
-Please. listen to me.
-Don't move.
-I beg you to listen to me.
-If you move. I'll put you in the car.
-Okay?
-Okay.
Get up.
Lean on me. You're okay.
You're going to trust me now. huh?
Look at me.
Maryam. Maryam. come here!
-Maryam. he's coming at you!
-Move it!
The keys.
Maryam. Maryam. there's no time for this!
He's here. he's coming!
He's here. he's here!
There's no time. Get them and hurry.
Maryam. he’s here!
He’s here! There’s no time! Run!
Nasser!
Maryam. I shot him
and I think I killed him.
That's good. but you scared me!
You scared me. for the love of God!
Shit!
Maryam. stay steady
so I can shoot his tires.
I’ll slow down.
What are you doing? Why did you stop?
The cop. We can't just
leave him behind like that.
The cop died in your arms. Maryam.
Drive on. he's dead.
I didn’t check his pulse.
I didn’t. How can you be sure?
He split his head open.
his brains are on the road. just go.
If you were him. you'd wish for anyone
to have the courage to help you!
Maryam. do you live in a fantasy or what?
Snap out of it. for heavens' sake!
Focus. this is all real!
If he changes his tire.
he could be upon us at any moment.
You get out of this car and you’re dead!
I was about to die!
I was about to!
But that man saved my life.
Get away! Get off me!
-Let me drive. are you crazy? Stop it!
-Just get away from me!
I hate how selfish you are!
Your arrogance! Get away!
I hate how stubborn
and hardheaded you are!
You think you're always right.
We are all here to grant your wishes.
follow your opinions. your beliefs.
and we're all here
to cater to your needs! All of us!
No one is ever right but you?
But it's not your fault.
it's your father's fault!
He was my father when I was born.
I never had a choice in that.
Yet all you do is remind me
of this shit every single day.
Well. who do you think I am?
What about me?
And what about me?
I built myself from scratch.
I never asked either of you
for a single damn thing.
Everyone at the hospital
needs me and trusts me.
from doctors to patients to janitors.
And where are you?
My family?
Or am I not part of this family?
All I ever wanted is to be seen.
And all I’ve ever wanted is to disappear.
We don't have a single bullet left.
And that psycho
could change his tire any minute.
Maryam. I know how you feel.
but you can't save everyone.
It doesn't matter who is chasing us.
It could be any of them.
Or even someone else entirely.
It’s all because of Dad’s
injustice and corruption.
He never saw other people as even human.
And we’re paying the price for his sins.
Let’s just get
the hell out of this desert.
Maryam. watch out!
Dear God. help us.
Nasser. Nasser!
It’s been fun spending time with you.
You too. Let’s do it again. Soon.
Such a long road
And the desert seems unending
Home seems to be weeping in sadness
For visitors that no longer come around
Such a long road
And the deserts seem unending
Home seems to be weeping in sadness
For visitors that no longer come around
The night's getting darker
Yet our wishes have so little time
Hey. you. with the eyes
That never sleep. help me out here
Such a long road
And the deserts seem unending
And the home is weeping in sadness
They're more than an hour late.
Their phones are all off.
I know. I know.
It's because of Adnan's stupid driving.
I know how to teach him a lesson.
Where do I find them now
and how do I look for them?
I'll wait for ten more minutes.
If they're not here.
I'll start without them.
Congratulations.
You might want to consider a divorce.
Or he’ll ruin your life.
I quit.